fix: make better defaults for indexing, scheduling, grants (#152)
timescale/pgai: docs/vectorizer-api-reference.md

The available functions are:

- [ai.indexing_default](#aiindexing_default): when you do not want indexes created automatically.
- [ai.indexing_none](#aiindexing_none): when you do not want indexes created automatically.
- [ai.indexing_diskann](#aiindexing_diskann): configure indexing using the [DiskANN algorithm](https://github.com/timescale/pgvectorscale).
- [ai.indexing_hnsw](#aiindexing_hnsw): configure indexing using the [Hierarchical Navigable Small World (HNSW) algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hierarchical_navigable_small_world).

### ai.indexing_default

You use `ai.indexing_default` to use the platform-specific default value for indexing.

> On Timescale Cloud, the default is `ai.indexing_diskann()`. On self-hosted, the default is `ai.indexing_none()`.

Reviewer: Should we explain why?

The available functions are:

> - [ai.scheduling_default](#aischeduling_default): to use the plwhen you want manual control over when the vectorizer runs. Use this when you're using an external scheduling system, as is the case with self-hosted deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ai.scheduling_default](#aischeduling_default): to use when you want manual control over when the vectorizer runs. Use this when you're using an external scheduling system, as is the case with self-hosted deployments that use the pgai vectorizer worker.
```

I added the last part to tie it with the vectorizer worker. Feel free to remove that part, the first part it's a typo

Reviewer 2: This was actually a copy-paste error, thanks for the catch.

- [ai.scheduling_none](#aischeduling_none): when you want manual control over when the vectorizer runs. Use this when you're using an external scheduling system, as is the case with self-hosted deployments.
- [ai.scheduling_timescaledb](#aischeduling_timescaledb): leverages TimescaleDB's robust job scheduling system, which is designed for reliability and scalability. Use this when you're using Timescale Cloud.

### ai.scheduling_default

You use `ai.scheduling_default` to use the platform-specific default scheduling configuration.

> On Timescale Cloud, the default is `ai.scheduling_timescaledb()`. On self-hosted, the default is `ai.scheduling_none()`.

Reviewer: Should we explain why it's different in one vs the other?

Author: done
